it when your grandfather demanded you
leave the life of a trader to allow our
family to advance socially I never
thought that you will be so successful
so quickly and now I have a new task for
you the Morris eNOS family friends need
your help with some transport yeah so on
one hand you do have to keep all your
relations with the the the council
attend here happy because these guys
control your your mere mercantile guild
and as you can see here all of our
relations are above fifty percent so we
are we're pretty good right now and
we're actually freely ahead inside the
trading for for the wholesaler title we
are at fifty seven or sixty nine percent
what I think I'll do here is that all
jump back up to the strategy parry tear
everything up like our our merchant ship
is like a wet goods so we gonna put that
on buying a hundred and twenty percent
again one of the things that I think we
get from advancing up in the league's is
I know we apparently don't get a free
ship so in that case we'll build a ship
now
it's always nice to expand our little
Navy fleet sold by a a sloop I guess and
these loops are the starter ships so
these things should be these things
should automatically start building if
there is if there isn't a free one so
we're gonna buy that ship go to the
harbor master go to ships and then we
can make a new fleet and with these
fleets you can actually assign captain's
to them so our uncle Marco apparently is
a is a captain so he's eligible and he
is a level one trader in the level five
navigators so he'll be able to sail
around quite fast but he doesn't have
for trading skills so we're gonna take
him and what I like what I'd like to do
inside these games is that I'll
typically automate all of the trading
with bigger ships and and I'll just have
one fleet that goes around and
delivery stuff so let's finish this
objective and figure out where Rome is
apparently we're supposed to meet
somebody inside this city hall so what
kind of hero positions of something I
was kind of expecting some flavor dialog
really but it doesn't look like anything
there's there so it looks like we're
just supposed to pick up some some
trading cargo for our family friends
here and deliver it to Rome so let's do
that and yeah you can you can do some
missions and these missions will be
randomly assigned to you the world has a
round of events too so you'll see here
that there are some wildfire is in
trouble
Venice apparently has the plague now and
these are these volcanoes on the map one
near Naples and one on Sicily these
things can actually erupt some not very
nice to check out the motor scene is
arranged a trading license for Rome for
you you can now buy and sell goods at
will there usually you have to buy those
licenses from the city's market overseer
and they are expensive now go out and
get two more trading licenses from
whichever cities you wish okay so we
will start to do that huh so yeah you do
need those trading licenses to buy your
way around for us because we're part of
the the Venetian trading league I don't
believe we cannot